# User Manual

Welcome to Rapid: A Live Tremolo Audio Processor! To start, make sure you have JUCE downloaded. Becasue this manual is focused on using rapid, a tutorial of how to download JUCE can be found on JUCE's website.

To start, download Rapid from the ____ and open the Rapid.jucer file using Projucer. From here, make sure the path to the modules is set correctly. You can accomplish this by clicking the modules tab on the left. Next you click on the top module, which in this case should be juce_audio_basics. You want to make sure the box that says "Use global path" is empty and then set the path with the three dot box above that. To find the module folder, locate your previously downloaded JUCE folder and then select the module folder. After that, you should be ready to open Rapid with the xcode button near the middle of the top. 

Once you have opened Rapid, click on the icon at the very left of the top bar. This could vary depending on your hardware but change it to Rapid - all. From here, make sure you're on the PluginProcessor C++ page by clicking on the C+ PluginProcessor tab at the top. If it is not visible, or you want to make sure you're on the right page, click the folder icon on the very left, expanding the rapid icon, rapid folder, source, and finally choosing the PluginProcessor file with the C+ icon next to it. After you're on this page, click the play button near the top left. This will run the code and should create a component that you will use later on.

Your next step will be to open JUCE's AudioPluginHost. you can do this by first accessing your JUCE file, then going to extras, and finally AudioPluginHost. Next, open AudioPluginJucer with Projucer and make sure the modules are set correctly like last time. After you open AudioPluginJucer, press the playbutton at the top like we did before. This should open the AudioPluginHost software.

After you open the software, navigate to the options tab at the top of your mac (or other equivalent). Click on "Edit the List of Available Plug-ins". Go to the "Options" button at the bottom and select "Scan for new or updated AudioUnit plug-ins" This process might take awhile depending if you have other plugins or have not done this before. After this, right click somewhere between the Audio Input (Internal) and Audio Output (Internal). Location does not truly matter, but this is more for convenience sake. At the bottom, there should be a tab named "yourcompany" with Rapid inside. Once you click on Rapid, it will appear in the AudioPluginHost wherever you right clicked. 

We're almost done! What you want to do now is find the bottom two green outlets from Audio Input (Internal). Click and drag one of them to their respective side of the Rapid (AudioUnit) filter. Once you do this with one side, do the other. This should create parallel lines. From here do the same from Rapid (AudioUnit), to Audio Output (Internal). Finally, double click on Rapid (AudioUnit) and you're good to go!

Rapid contains three parameters, gain, depth and rate. This corresponds with the sliders from left to right. Gain will always start at 0, so if you want to hear anything from Rapid make sure to increase this value by clicking and dragging the slider. Depth affects the depth of the tremolo, and rate affects how the fast the tremolo occurs. While this is not a requirement. I highly suggest wearing headphones while using rapid, as feedback can easily occur. 

This is the end of Rapid's user manual. I hope you enjoy!
